people sometimes ask why would you buy a
gaming laptop when you can just build a
custom PC for like $7 this is why this
is the new 15-inch razor blade and it is
one of the best-looking laptops I've
seen this year the design has changed
quite a bit I always thought that the 14
inch blade looked a lot like a MacBook
this new 15 inch blade looks a little
bit more unique the corner radius is a
little bit smaller slightly more boxy or
shape and I think it looks really good
there's some noticeable improvements in
build quality as well so the chassis
just feels more rigid it's a tighter
build and I think it's one of the
best-looking products from Razer so the
logo is still right in the middle it's
sunken in a little bit more and it still
lights up it would be cool if they
released a gunmetal color like they did
on the stealth but something tells me
they won't do that any time soon you can
get skins for them the D brand one in
matte black looks really cool if you
mute at the logo and it protects the
surface from any scratches and stuff
when you open it up you'll see speakers
on either side of the keyboard and the
power buttons on the right speaker it
almost looks like they could implement a
fingerprint sensor on that power button
but it doesn't exist right now meet
before future generations
the speakers themselves sound good for
reference they're similar if not
slightly better than the speakers on the
2015 MacBook Pro but the 2016 and 2017
MacBook Pro speakers still sounds
significantly better than these but good
speakers overall the audio sounds clean
but I wish there was a little bit more
bass so the screen is fantastic it's
bright it's fast great color gamut there
is a 4k panel available but 144 Hertz
screen it's where it's at if you plan on
playing games on this machine high
refresh beats higher resolution any day
of the week unless you're really
hardcore about video or photo editing
this is one of the best 144 hertz panels
on the market right now I'd consider it
a step above the competition now keep in
mind it does not have G sync I think it
was a right decision I'll explain why in
a little bit but ya know G sync the
webcam quality is pretty mediocre
it's a 720p image to get inside it's
just a few Torx screws and the panel
comes off pretty easily
there's finally user upgradable memory I
think that's something that a lot of
people have wanted over the years it's
traditionally been soldered on on the
razor blades it's now replaceable you
can also replace the SSD and the Wi-Fi
card battery life is fair it's an 80
watt hour battery I'm getting around
five and a half hours of battery life
with the screen at 250 minutes this is
with the screen at 60 Hertz so I'm
actually reducing the
144 to 6e just kind of preserved battery
life so five and a half hours and this
is what I was talking about before I
feel like without g-sync you get Nvidia
Optimus which helps extend battery life
and on a device like this it just makes
sense to not have G sync and have
technology in here to extend its battery
life because that's why you want
something that's thin and light
importable
right the AC adapter on this thing is a
little bit bigger than the previous
generation but it's still really
portable it's a very clean design the
plug connects into this oval-shaped
ports kind of like a bigger USB C shaped
thing it is reversible but it's not
magnetic I do like it though it feels
secure the rest of the ports are pretty
standard you got three use bas a
Thunderbolt three with some display outs
but there's no SD slot and there's no
Ethernet okay let's talk about the
keyboard when I first up pictures this
layout I was concerned it reminds me a
lot of the keeper from the razor blade
Pro and I did not like that layout very
much and it's essentially the same
layout so here's the issue the shift key
on the right side and the arrow keys are
positioned in a very untraditional way
normally that Shift key is right beside
the question mark and just out of muscle
memory when you're doing a question mark
you'll hit shift question mark just
really quickly and it just makes sense
right you've done it a thousand times in
your life probably a hundred thousand
times your life but on this keyboard
there's an arrow key right between them
and it's actually quite difficult to get
used to it I've been using this thing
for about a week at this point and for
the first two days it was very
irritating I was constantly hitting up
question mark instead of shift question
mark and you can see how they'd be
annoying after day four day five I got
used to it but there's another problem
to this if this was the only laptop or
the only keyboard that you've ever used
then you'll get used to it but the
moment you switch to another keyboard
like even a regular razor keyboard like
one of their desktop keyboards you're
back to a completely different layout
and that is the bigger problem the
inconvenience when it comes to switching
keyboard now if you're someone that uses
the left shift instead of the right
shift then this probably won't bother
you or if you're someone that just
doesn't switch keyboards very often then
it also won't bother you but for the few
people out there it might be more than
just a few but for the people that do
switch keyboards or just switch devices
regularly it's a thing now another thing
that kind of bugged me before about
razer keyboards is that the function
keys up top only led up the function
number you don't actually see the
hotkeys being lit up so the brightness
controls and the volume controls you
can't see those in the door
but you can map different colors of it
using the Razer synapse like you can
make those purple or green whatever you
want so you can technically identify
what bundles are by the color which is a
bit of a workaround but at least it's
better than not be able to tell where
they are at all the trackpad this is now
using Windows precision drivers great
surface texture and accurate tracking
the buttons are underneath the trackpad
this year instead of the dedicated
hardware buttons they've had in the past
but I think most people will enjoy this
trackpad there's one like mild issue the
trackpad is quite large and the palm
rejection software isn't perfect yet I
think that something that can tweak over
time but right now when you're typing
occasionally your palm will kind of move
that tracker around but it's a really
minor problem the performance is great
it's running the 8750 H it's a six core
CPU excellent for multi-core
applications there are two GPU options
there's a 1070 max Q and a 1060 max Q
that 1070 gives maybe 25-30 percent
better performance in the 1060 it's not
insignificant but it's also a little bit
thicker like half a millimeter thicker
it's barely noticeable but there is a
difference the performance in games for
either of these cards is gonna be great
and depending what you play or what you
want to do with your laptop you'll have
to make that decision for yourself my
unit runs pretty warm but I'm not seeing
a throttle that's cutting it kind of
close so if you're live in a warmer
climate or if you play your games in a
room that doesn't have air-conditioning
then you're gonna get warmer
temperatures keep in mind this is at
stock though I did try under vaulting
and XTU and I got it to like negative
130 millivolts and temperatures are
noticeably better now cooling a device
like this is not easy every millimeter
that you shave off this laptop to make
it thinner and thinner just makes it
exponentially harder to cool it properly
and this year they did a really really
good job
it's still not perfect I'd love to see
lower temperatures without under
vaulting or repai stting but it's better
this year than it has been in the past
okay
the fans are not too loud you actually
get pretty decent control in the
software this time you can tweak it the
way that you like and even at max speed
it's not crazy loud or anything one
weird thing though I don't know why it
takes like 10 maybe 15 seconds for the
fan speed to ramp up and down like a lot
of gaming laptops that I've used you
press a button and the fans go all the
way up instantly this takes a little
while to get there it's not it's like
not an issue or anything but it's just
something I've noticed I haven't seen in
other devices before so I thought I
should just mention it now whether or
not you should purchase this thing
like should you get one here's the thing
this year in 2018 there are a ton of
really good thin and light gaming
options to choose from like there's more
this year than have been any other year
that I've seen before with the razor
blade you're getting advice that is the
smallest 15.6 inch gaming laptop on the
market it's literally the smallest one
available and with that title comes a
price premium but the overall device is
really good this year
nice design awesome build really
powerful components good thermals the
keyboard is really my only gripe but if
you're thinking and adapt to it or if
you don't really care about those issues
that I mentioned about that shift key
and arrow key then I think you're gonna
really like this device okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it
subs if you loved it I'll see you guys
next time